mario guardian angel of cancer and jing
i am the silver voice of your heart
rising pure and clear from your
innermost sanctum to express your
feelings for you do not always let them
be heard in such self-expression i will
aid you to find your empowerment for the
feature become to guide you in issues of
hearth and home and particularly to aid
your contentment think of the peace you
enjoy when surrounded by your own
belongings and the people you love
however at times perhaps even now an
issue develops and which you are not
comfortable and you suppress your true
feelings or pretend to agree rather than
being honest this means that part of you
is living a lie but others think this
lie is your reality so you are creating
an illusion around yourself ask yourself
if you really wish to be living with
such an illusion these key issues
probably threatened harmonious
relationships and I urge you to involve
me to guide your thoughts and decisions
in this maverick for nothing will be
resolved by your silence or by
disassembling difficult as it is and
much as you dislike speaking out now is
the time to do so and to be completely
honest if you do not mothers will slowly
worsen the solution will be harder and
you will worry deplete and deplete your
precious energy with my loving silver
energy to boost your confidence try to
formulate tactful and calm voids in
order to speak your hearts truth if your
loved ones or friends hold you to hold
you in the respect
you deserve they will hear an except
your point of view it is important for
your own feature that you tackle this
issue for afterwards you will feel a
marvelous sense of release and
empowerment thank
you